Restructuring of expansion content section & Battlefield Combat Rules (#849)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/expansion_content.tex

\subsection*{Unique Card effects with their own components}
Several new Cards from various expansions come with their own Token components and bring complex effects to the game.
These are all explained in the separate section \pagelink{Detailed Card Effects}{Detailed Card Effects}.

\subsection*{More of the same}
In addition to new gameplay mechanics, expansions also expand the variety of existing components: new Factions, new Scenarios, new Spells, new Heroes, new Artifacts, and new Map Locations.

\begin{center}
    \includegraphics[width=0.75\linewidth]{\images/tower-lineup.png}
\end{center}
\vspace*{\fill}
\end{multicols*}
\pagebreak

\textbf{The following expansions each offer a new Faction and some new specific gameplay mechanics:}
\begin{multicols}{2}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{fortress}
  \subsection*{\color{fortress}Fortress Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
      \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/fortress-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}

>   Contains the \textbf{Fortress Faction}: poisonous swamp beasts under the lead of Witches and Beastmasters.\par

Reviewer: Capitalize: `Poisonous swamp...`

Reviewer 2: Ah, the flip-flop is my fault. I suggested "under command of" in one place but not in the others. @DerSchlupf, do you think we should change it everywhere?

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\addsection{Expansion Content}{\skills/pathfinding.png}

\pagetarget{Expansion Content}
Numerous expansions have been released for Heroes III: The Board Game, introducing new gameplay elements.
Most expansion rules are integrated directly into the relevant sections of this rulebook where they belong.
Below you'll find an overview of all expansion content.

\vspace*{1em}

\textbf{The following contents are added by many of the expansions:}
\begin{multicols*}{2}
\subsection*{New Map Locations}
Each expansion adds new Map Locations to the game, which your Heroes can explore.
They are explained in \pagelink{All Map Locations}{All Map Locations}.

\subsection*{\pagetarget{Miniatures}{Unit Miniatures}}
The expansions make your Units appear even more alive.
If you want to play your Combats with Miniatures, place and move them over the Combat Board instead of the Cards.

> You can put Miniatures on top of the Cards or keep the Cards next to the Combat Board forming an initiative bar for a better visualization of the order of activating Units.\par

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can put Miniatures on top of the Cards or keep the Cards next to the Combat Board to form an initiative bar for better visualization of the order in which Units activate.\par
```
Started late, I'll carry on tomorrow.

\vspace*{1em}
If you play with Miniatures, there are a few rules to follow:
\begin{itemize}
  \item If any of the following occur during Combat with Neutral Units, discard the Neutral Unit Card and draw another Card in its place:
    \begin{itemize}
      \item if you draw the same Neutral Unit more than once,
      \item if you draw the any Unit you already have in your army,
      \item if you draw any Unit from your Faction.
    \end{itemize}

>   \item While you Recruit Neutral Units, you can Recruit neither any Units from a Faction that is controlled by a player nor any Units that are already in any player's army.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \item While you Recruit Neutral Units, you cannot Recruit any Units from a Faction that is controlled by a player or any Units that are already in any player's army.
```

Reviewer 2: Single negation beats double one.

  Discard that Unit Card and draw another.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{Permanent Cards}
Cards with a new type of effect which gives players permanent advantages, explained in \pagelink{Playerdecks}{Player Decks}.

\subsection*{Schools of Magic}

> \pagelink{Schools of Magic}{Schools of Magic} gain more significance with the expansions, because now there are Card effects which use them, e.g.~your Heroes can specialize in certain Schools to make their Spells more powerful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\pagelink{Schools of Magic}{Schools of Magic} gain more significance with the expansions, as there are now Card effects which use them, e.g.~your Heroes can specialize in certain Schools to make their Spells more powerful.
```
This sound slightly more natural.

\subsection*{Unique Card effects with own components}
Several new Cards from various expansions comes with own Token components and bring some complex effects to the game.
They all are explained in the separate section \pagelink{Detailed Card Effects}{Detailed Card Effects}.

\subsection*{More of the same}
In addition to new gameplay mechanics, expansions also expand the variety of existing components: new Factions, new Scenarios, new Spells, new Heroes, new Artifacts, and much more...

\begin{center}
    \includegraphics[width=0.75\linewidth]{\images/tower-lineup.png}
\end{center}
\vspace*{\fill}
\end{multicols*}
\pagebreak

\textbf{The following expansions each offer a new Faction and some new specific gameplay mechanics:}
\begin{multicols}{2}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{fortress}
  \subsection*{\color{fortress}Fortress Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
      \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/fortress-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}
  Contains the \textbf{Fortress Faction}: poisonous swamp beasts under the lead of Witches and Beastmasters.\par
  \medskip

>   New gameplay mechanics: The following new storytelling Card type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  New gameplay mechanics: The new storytelling Card type described below.
```

  \medskip

  \begin{minipage}[h]{\linewidth}
  \vspace{0.1pt}
  \centering
  \begin{scriptsize}
    \begin{tikzpicture}
    \draw (0, 0) node[inner sep=0] {\makebox[\linewidth][c]{\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\cards/event.png}}};
    \draw (1, 1.8) node {\encircle{\phantom{.}1\phantom{.}}};
    \draw (-2, 0.4) node {\encircle{\phantom{.}2\phantom{.}}};
    \draw (2.5, -1.1) node {\encircle{\phantom{.}3\phantom{.}}};
    \end{tikzpicture}
  \end{scriptsize}
  \footnotesize
  \textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Event Card}}}
  \begin{multicols}{2}
    \begin{itemize}
    \item[\textbf{1.}] Name

>     \item[\textbf{2.}] Fluff

Reviewer: `Fluff` -> `Flavor Text`

Reviewer 2: Fluff is actually taken straight from the original. You think flavor text is better?

<img width="752" height="300" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f6a07a77-6d6d-4f85-8436-692d81a46eb4" />

Reviewer 3: Flavor text is the common term for this thing in other games

Reviewer 2: I noticed that translations tend to prefer it too. Shall we change it everywhere?

Reviewer 2: It's only in one other place. I'll change it.

    \item[\textbf{3.}] Effect
    \item[\textbf{\phantom{.}}] \phantom{.}
    \end{itemize}
  \end{multicols}
  \end{minipage}
\end{expansion}

\columnbreak
\begin{expansion}[title=]{rampart}
  \subsection*{\color{rampart}Rampart Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/rampart-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}

>   Contains the \textbf{Rampart Faction}: nature-oriented Units under the lead of Druids and Rangers.\par

Reviewer: Capitalize: `Nature-oriented...`

>   Contains the \textbf{Rampart Faction}: nature-oriented Units under the lead of Druids and Rangers.\par

Reviewer 2: For future's sake, for simple edits like that, please use suggestions:
<img width="752" height="300" alt="Screenshot From 2025-10-07 21-30-18" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49e05d05-44f6-4530-a332-0ba1288a5bfb" />
```suggestion
  Contains the \textbf{Rampart Faction}: Nature-oriented Units under the lead of Druids and Rangers.\par
```

  \medskip
  New gameplay mechanics:\par
  \smallskip
  Various \pagelink{War Machines}{War Machines}, which support you with permanent effects in combat.
\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{inferno}
  \subsection*{\color{inferno}Inferno Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/inferno-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}
  Contains the \textbf{Inferno Faction}: Demonic and fire-associated Units under the lead of Heretics and Demoniacs.\par
  \medskip
  New gameplay mechanics:\par
  \smallskip
  A new Unit Ability to \pagelink{Summoning}{Summon Demons} in combat; \pagelink{Empowered Statistic}{Empowered Statistic Cards} to make your Hero's Statistic Cards more powerful, and the \pagelink{Random Town}{Random Town} Map Location with unique combat rules.
\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{conflux}
  \subsection*{\color{conflux}Conflux Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/conflux-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}

>   Contains the \textbf{Conflux Faction}: magical Creatures of all elements under the lead of Elementalists and Planeswalkers.\par

Reviewer: Capitalize: `Magical Creatures...`

  \medskip
  New gameplay mechanics:\par
  \smallskip
  \pagelink{Elemental Map Tiles}{Elemental Map Tiles} aligned with Schools of Magic; magical \pagelink{Monolith Tokens}{Monoliths}, which allow your Heroes to traverse long distances on the Map; a new \pagelink{Elemental Damage}{type of damage} which ignores Defense; and a unique Spell effect to \pagelink{Detailed Card Effects}{Summon Elemental Units}, which support you in combat.  % TODO: fix link
\end{expansion}
\vspace*{\fill}

\columnbreak
\begin{expansion}[title=]{stronghold}
  \subsection*{\color{stronghold}Stronghold Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stronghold-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}

>   Contains the \textbf{Stronghold Faction}: wild and orkish Units under command of Barbarians and Battle Mages.\par

Reviewer: Capitalize: `Wild and...`

  \medskip
  New gameplay mechanics:\par
  \smallskip
  \pagelink{Subterranean Map Tiles}{Subterranean Map Tiles}, which open a new world to explore, and mystical \pagelink{Spell Scroll Cards}{Spell Scrolls},
  which allow your Heroes to cast additional Spells even if they are not as familiar with magic.
\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{tower}
  \subsection*{\color{tower}Tower Expansion}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/tower-box.png}
  \end{wrapfigure}

>   Contains the \textbf{Tower Faction}: magic-affine Units under the lead of Wizards and Alchemists.\par

Reviewer: Capitalize, and change 'affine' to: `Magic-focused`

    \subsection*{\color{inferno}Inferno Expansion}
    \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
    \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
    \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/inferno-box.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}
    Contains the \textbf{Inferno Faction}: Demonic and fire-associated Units under the lead of Heretics and Demoniacs.\par
    \medskip
    New gameplay mechanics:\par
    \smallskip
    A new Unit Ability to \pagelink{Summoning}{Summon Demons} in a combat; \pagelink{Empowered Statistic}{Empowered Statistic Cards} to make your Hero's Statistic Cards more powerful and the \pagelink{Random Town}{Random Town} Map Location with unique combat rules.
\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{conflux}
   \subsection*{\color{conflux}Conflux Expansion}
   \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
   \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
   \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
       \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/conflux-box.png}
   \end{wrapfigure}
   Contains the \textbf{Conflux Faction}: magical Creatures of all elements under the lead of Elementalists and Planeswalkers.\par
   \medskip
   New gameplay mechanics:\par
   \smallskip

>    \pagelink{Elemental Map Tiles}{Elemental Map Tiles} aligned with Schools of Magic; magical \pagelink{Monolith Tokens}{Monoliths}, which allow your Heroes to traverse long distances on the Map; a new \pagelink{Elemental Damage}{type of damage} which ignores defense; and a unique Spell effect to \pagelink{Detailed Card Effects}{Summon Elemental Units (TODO: fix link)}, which support you in your Combat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   \pagelink{Elemental Map Tiles}{Elemental Map Tiles} aligned with Schools of Magic; magical \pagelink{Monolith Tokens}{Monoliths}, which allow your Heroes to traverse long distances on the Map; a new \pagelink{Elemental Damage}{type of damage} which ignores Defense; and a unique Spell effect to \pagelink{Detailed Card Effects}{Summon Elemental Units}, which support you in combat.  % TODO: fix link
```
Wasn't it supposed to be a comment?

\end{expansion}
\vspace*{\fill}

\columnbreak
\begin{expansion}[title=]{stronghold}
    \subsection*{\color{stronghold}Stronghold Expansion}
    \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
    \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
    \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stronghold-box.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}

>     Contains the \textbf{Stronghold Faction}: wild and orkish Units under the lead of Barbarians and Battle Mages.\par

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Contains the \textbf{Stronghold Faction}: wild and orkish Units under command of Barbarians and Battle Mages.\par
```
I think beasts and orcs are rather under command 😆

    \medskip
    New gameplay mechanics:\par
    \smallskip

>     \pagelink{Subterranean Map Tiles}{Subterranean Map Tiles}, which open a new world to explore and mystical \pagelink{Spell Scroll Cards}{Spell Scrolls},
>     which allow your Heroes to cast additional Spells, even if they are not so familiar with magic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \pagelink{Subterranean Map Tiles}{Subterranean Map Tiles}, which open a new world to explore, and mystical \pagelink{Spell Scroll Cards}{Spell Scrolls},
    which allow your Heroes to cast additional Spells even if they are not as familiar with magic.
```

\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[title=]{tower}
    \subsection*{\color{tower}Tower Expansion}
    \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
    \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
    \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/tower-box.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}
    Contains the \textbf{Tower Faction}: magic-affine Units under the lead of Wizards and Alchemists.\par
    \medskip

>     This expansion doesn't introduce any new gameplay mechanics, but it expands on many existing components, e.g.~adds more \textbf{Heroes of other Factions}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This expansion doesn't introduce any new gameplay mechanics, but it expands many existing components, e.g.~it adds more \textbf{Heroes of other Factions}.
```

\end{expansion}
\vspace*{\fill}
\columnbreak

\begin{expansion}[title=]{cove}
    \subsection*{\color{cove}Cove Expansion}
    \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
    \setlength\columnsep{0.8em}
    \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/cove-box.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}
    Contains the \textbf{Cove Faction}: Pirate Units and Sea monsters under the lead of Captains and Navigators.\par
    \medskip
    New gameplay mechanics:\par
    \smallskip
    \pagelink{Sea Map Tiles}{Sea Map Tiles} with many new Sea Locations to discover; \pagelink{Whirlpool Tokens}{Whirlpools} to travel quickly between distant Sea Tiles… but \pagelink{Whirlpool}{at a cost} and the cannon, a new \pagelink{War Machines}{War Machine}.
\end{expansion}

\begin{center}
\hfill\transparent{0.2}\includegraphics[width=0.85\linewidth]{\art/earthquake.png}
\end{center}

\end{multicols}

> \textbf{The following two expansions don't contain a new Faction, but they offer a lot of new gameplay mechanics or even new interesting game modes:}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\textbf{The following two expansions don't contain a new Faction, but they offer many new gameplay mechanics or even new game modes:}
```
Again, this is judgemental. We should be objective and factual here.

        \textbf{\footnotesize\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{P -- player deployment zone}}}\\
        \textbf{\footnotesize\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{N -- Neutral Units deployment zone}}}\\
        \bigskip

    Based on the Scenario's Difficulty Level, take a number of \pagelink{Stack Tokens}{Stack Tokens} and place them randomly on up to four different Creature Bank Unit Cards:
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \textbf{Easy}: 1 token
        \item \textbf{Normal}: 2 tokens
        \item \textbf{Hard}: 3 tokens
        \item \textbf{Impossible}: 4 tokens
    \end{itemize}

\end{multicols*}
\end{expansion}

\begin{multicols*}{2}
\begin{expansion}[before=\vspace*{-11mm}]{navalbattles}
    After Combat, return all Creature Bank Units back to the Creature Bank Units Cards pile.
    If you win, you claim the Creature Bank's reward, as well as an additional reward for the Stacked Units you defeated.

    \subsection*{\pagetarget{Stack Tokens}{Stack Tokens}}
        \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
        \setlength\columnsep{1em}
        \begin{wrapfigure}{r}{0.2\linewidth}
            \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\images/stack_token.png}
        \end{wrapfigure}

>     Each Stack Token modifies a Unit's statistics in the following way: +1~\svg{attack}, +1~\svg{defense}, +1~\svg{health_points}, or +2~\svg{initiative}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Each Stack Token modifies a Unit's statistic in one of the following ways: +1~\svg{attack}, +1~\svg{defense}, +1~\svg{health_points}, or +2~\svg{initiative}.
```
Or this.

Reviewer 3: probably because it conflicted with another suggestion with this or nearby lines which you accepted instead

this can be resolved manually with text editor

>     Furthermore, each Unit with a Stack Token is now a \textbf{Stacked Unit}, which is similar to reinforced Faction Units: when it takes damage equal to or greater than its HP, instead of removing the Unit Card from the Combat Board, discard the Stack Token from that Unit and deal any leftover damage (if any), deducting it from the new HP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Furthermore, each Unit with a Stack Token is now a \textbf{Stacked Unit}, which is similar to reinforced Faction Units: when it takes damage equal to or greater than its \svg{health_points}, instead of removing the Unit Card from the Combat Board, discard the Stack Token from that Unit and deal any leftover damage, deducting it from the new \svg{health_points}.
```
I think this text was already merged before, but "if any" is redundant here.

    Creature Bank Units without a Stack Token are defeated normally.

    \subsection*{Gained Stacked Units}
    Some rewards allow you to gain a Stacked Creature Bank Unit Card.

>     Track which of your Units are Stacked by whichever means comfortable, e.g.~by remembering that or by having some token or cube on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Track which of your Units are Stacked by whatever means is comfortable, e.g.~by remembering it or by placing a Token or Cube on it.
```

    Whenever your Stacked Unit goes to a Combat, draw a random Stack Token and place it on that Unit.
    After the Combat take a note whether the Unit is still Stacked (for future Combats), then return the Stack Token to the pile.
\end{expansion}

\vspace*{1em}
\begin{expansion}[before=\vspace*{-11mm}]{navalbattles}
    \subsection*{\pagetarget{Empowered Ability Token}{Empowered Ability Cards}}

>     This new type of Cards improves your Heroes Ability Cards and it's explained in \pagelink{Empowered Ability}{Deck-building}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This new type of Card improves your Hero's Ability Cards and is explained in \pagelink{Empowered Ability}{Deck-building}.
```

    \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
    \setlength\columnsep{1em}
    \begin{wrapfigure}{r}{0.2\linewidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\images/crown-token.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}
    You can gain those Cards by spending \textbf{Empowered Ability Tokens}.
    You can use one of these Tokens at the moment you gain a new Ability Card, regardless of how you obtain it.
    If you use such a Token, discard it, remove the just gained normal Ability Card from the game and gain the corresponding Empowered Ability Card in its stead.
\end{expansion}
\columnbreak
\begin{expansion}[before=\vspace*{-11mm}]{navalbattles}
    There's only 1 copy of each Empowered Ability Card, so if one player takes a particular Empowered Ability Card, they prevent other players from obtaining it.
    If an Empowered Ability Card isn't available, you can't spend the Empowered Ability Token and must keep it for later turns.
    \vspace*{1em}

>     You can gain Empowered Ability Tokens in certain Scenarios only (e.~g.~``Island of Fire'' from the Naval Battles Mission Book.).\\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can gain Empowered Ability Tokens only in certain Scenarios (e.~g.~``Island of Fire'' from the Naval Battles Mission Book).\\
```

        The player may either use it, or save the token for later.
        The player decides to use it, so they Remove the ``Offense'' Ability card and take the Empowered ``Offense'' Ability card instead.}

    \begin{center}
        \begin{tikzpicture}
            \draw (-2, 0) node {\includegraphics[width=0.3\linewidth]{\cards/ability-offense.png}};
            \draw (-3, -0.5) node {\includegraphics[width=0.15\linewidth]{\images/crown-token.png}};
            \draw (-3.2, -1) node[cm={-1,0,0,1,(0,0)}] {\includegraphics[width=0.2\linewidth]{\_assets/gimp-files/arrow-curved-red.png}};
            \draw (2, 0) node {\includegraphics[width=0.3\linewidth]{\cards/ability-offense-empowered.png}};
            \draw (3, 1) node[circular drop shadow={shadow scale=0.8, shadow xshift=0.3ex, shadow yshift=-0.3ex,
            fill=black, path fading={circle with fuzzy edge 15 percent},
          every shadow}] {\svg[25]{green_tick}};
        \end{tikzpicture}
    \end{center}
\end{expansion}
\end{multicols*}

\pagebreak
\begin{expansion}{battlefield}
  \begin{multicols*}{2}
  \subsection*{\pagetarget{Battlefield Combat}{Battlefield Board in regular games}}

>   We recommend using the Battlefield Combat Board only for \textbf{Player vs.~Player Combats}, even though it is also possible to use it in Neutral Combats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  It is recommended to use the Battlefield Combat Board only for \textbf{Player vs.~Player Combats}, even though it is also possible to use it in Neutral Combats.
```
Who's we? Smith & Wesson and me?

  To place Effect Obstacles on the Battlefield Board you'll need the Card which creates the effect, such as the Fire Wall Spell: use the Tokens and put the Card beside the Battlefield as a reminder.
  Effect Obstacles may be entered by Units, if the Card text allows it.
  \vspace*{1em}
  \begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.7\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-1.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Effect}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-2.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Obstacle}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-3.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Wall/Gate}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
  \end{figure}
  \vspace*{1em}
  \note{3}{
    All Unit Miniatures also count as Obstacles.
  }
  \columnbreak

  \subsection*{Rules Changes in Combat Setup}
  \begin{itemize}

>     \item \textbf{Place obstacles} – Starting with the attacking player, both players take turns chosing and placing one Obstacle Token on the Battlefield Board until \textbf{all Obstacle Tokens are placed}. No Obstacle can be adjacent to another Obstacle or to any player's deployment zone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{Place obstacles} – Starting with the attacking player, both players take turns choosing and placing one Obstacle Token on the Battlefield Board until \textbf{all Obstacle Tokens are placed}.
    No Obstacle can be adjacent to another Obstacle or to any player's deployment zone.
```

    \item \textbf{Place Units} – Starting from the attacking player, the players choose a deployment zone and take turns placing their Units \textbf{one by one}.
    When the last Unit is placed, the Combat begins.
    Only on Player vs. Player Combats the players can decide to allow placing \textbf{up to 7 Units} (instead of 5).
  \end{itemize}
  \end{multicols*}
\end{expansion}

\newpage
\begin{expansion}{battlefield}
  \begin{multicols*}{2}
  \begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Siege with Walls and Gate} – During a Siege against a Town with Citadel only Walls and Gate Obstacles are placed. Place no other Obstacles.

    \begin{tikzpicture}
      \draw (0, 0) node {\includegraphics[width=1.05\linewidth]{\examples/bf-deploy-wall.png}};
      \draw (2, 0) node[rotate=90] {\textbf{\fontfamily{ptm}\selectfont\textcolor{white}{DEPLOYMENT ZONE}}};
    \end{tikzpicture}
    {\footnotesize\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{The red border marks incorrectly placed Obstacles.}}}}
  \end{itemize}
  \subsection*{Rules Changes during Combat}
  \begin{itemize}

>     \item \textbf{Unit Movement} – Each Unit's Movement is equal to its Initiative value: a Unit of Initiative 8 can move up to 8 Hexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{Unit Movement} – Each Unit's Movement is equal to its Initiative value: a Unit of Initiative 8 can move up to 8 hexes.
```
Not a game component, I think?

    \item \textbf{Ranged movement}  – Ranged \svg{unit_ranged} Units can either move or attack, not both.
    \item \textbf{Combat Penalty} – Ranged \svg{unit_ranged} Units suffer a Combat Penalty when attacking an adjacent Unit or a Unit that is \textbf{8 or more} Hexes away from them.
    \columnbreak
    \item \textbf{Initiative Token} – At the start of Combat, the attacking player gains the Initiative Token.
    Use it only to break any Initiative ties of opposing Units:
    The player with the Token activates first \textbf{one of his Units of the same Initiative value}.
    Then, the players alternate in activating all of their Units of that same Initiative value one by one.

>     Once all Units with that Initiative value are activated, pass the Initiative Token to the other player, who keeps it until initiative ties must be resolved again in the same way.

Author: What do you mean?

>     \item \textbf{Gate Token} – During a Siege, defending Units may enter the Gate Token \textbf{only at the two middle Hexes}, where the Gate is printed on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item \textbf{Gate Token} – During a Siege, defending Units may enter the Gate Token \textbf{only at the two middle Hexes} where the Gate is printed.
```

    Attacking the Gate Token is still possible on all four Hexes.

    \vspace*{1em}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\examples/bf-gate-token.png}
    \footnotesize\textit{Example: Halberdier and Crusader (defenders) may enter the Gate Token only along the green arrows, but Minotaur and Harpies are still able to attack the Gate Token from any side.}
  \end{itemize}
  \end{multicols*}
\end{expansion}

\newpage
\begin{multicols}{2}

\subsection*{Stretch Goal Content}

Four boxes of stretchgoal content have been released for the boardgame; they are shown at the bottom of this page.\par

> These expansions primarily contains aesthetic components (like miniatures of neutral Units or Map Locations), but they also extend the variety of existing components (like additional Artifact or Spell Cards or new Hero Cards for all Factions).\par

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These expansions primarily contain aesthetic components (like Miniatures of Neutral Units or Map Locations), but they also extend the variety of existing components (like additional Artifact or Spell Cards or new Hero Cards for all Factions).\par
```

\smallskip

The only new gameplay element from a Stretchgoal box is explained below:\par
\vspace*{1em}
 \begin{expansion}{stretchgoals2}
   \subsection*{\pagetarget{Pandora Card}{Pandora's Box Cards}}
   During setup, shuffle the Pandora's Box Cards.
   When you Visit a \pagelink{Pandora Box}{Pandora's Box}, you may optionally draw a Pandora's Box Card and resolve it instead of the location's regular effect.
   You still have to mark the Field with a Black Cube.

   \medskip
   \begin{center}
     \includegraphics[width=0.6\linewidth]{\cards/pandora.png}
   \end{center}
 \end{expansion}
 \vspace*{\fill}
 \columnbreak

> \subsection*{You haven't had enough yet?}

Author: What do you prefer? We can take another header. But I do not care. I like them all :)

> \subsection*{You haven't had enough yet?}

Reviewer 2: All right, let's stick with this one but without "You".

Take a look at the \textbf{fanmade expansions and contents} from the \textbf{HoMM3 BG Community}. They are still work in progress. Feel free to contribute.
  \begin{itemize}
    \begin{minipage}{5cm}

>       \item The \textbf{Fanmade Mission Book} contains many well playtested Scenarios with unique rules for even more spice in your games:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      \item The \textbf{Fan-made Mission Book} contains many well-playtested Scenarios with unique rules for even more variety in your games:
```

      \mbox{\footnotesize \href{https://github.com/qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book}{github.com/qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book}}
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2cm}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/mission-book.png}
            \scriptsize \phantom{Link to \textbf{Github}}
        \end{center}
    \end{minipage}\par
    \smallskip
    \begin{minipage}{5cm}

>       \item The \textbf{Fanmade Factory Expansion} introduces the beloved missing Faction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      \item The \textbf{Fan-Made Factory Expansion} introduces the missing Faction.
```
"Beloved" is too judgemental for a rule book.

      Print it yourself and learn a new Faction to master:
      {\footnotesize \href{https://github.com/piotrbruzda/Homm3BG-FactoryRulebook}{github.com/piotrbruzda/Homm3BG-FactoryRulebook}}
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2cm}
        \begin{center}
            \vspace*{-1em}
            \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/factory.png}
            \scriptsize \phantom{Link to \textbf{Github}}
        \end{center}
    \end{minipage}\par
    \smallskip
  \end{itemize}
  \begin{center}
    \hfill
    \includegraphics[width=0.42\linewidth]{\images/mission-book-title.png}
    \includegraphics[width=0.42\linewidth]{\images/factory-book-title.png}
  \end{center}
  \begin{itemize}
    \begin{minipage}{5cm}

>         \item Bring your creative ideas to life by building own Scenarios with the help of the \textbf{Scenario Map Editor}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        \item Bring your creative ideas to life by building your own Scenarios with the help of the \textbf{Scenario Map Editor}:
```
It was discussed already, but isn't the subject missing now?

Reviewer 2: Satzgegenstand.

    \begin{wrapfigure}{l}{0.35\textwidth}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\boxcovers/rampart-box.png}
    \end{wrapfigure}
    Contains the \textbf{Rampart Faction}: nature-oriented Units under the lead of Druids and Rangers.\par
    \medskip

>     New game play mechanics:\par

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    New gameplay mechanics:\par
```

  If you use such a Token, discard it, remove the just-gained normal Ability Card from the game, and gain the corresponding Empowered Ability Card in its stead.
  There's only 1 copy of each Empowered Ability Card, so if one player takes a particular Empowered Ability Card, they prevent other players from obtaining it.
  If an Empowered Ability Card isn't available, you can't spend the Empowered Ability Token and must keep it for later turns.
  \vspace*{1em}

  You can gain Empowered Ability Tokens only in certain Scenarios (e.~g.~``Island of Fire'' from the Naval Battles Mission Book).\\

  \subsection*{Gaining Empowered Ability Example}
  \textit{Bob playing as Crag Hack reaches Level 2.
    He decides to perform the Search (2) action and draws two Cards from the Ability Deck.
    The Cards are Offense and Wisdom.
    He chooses Offense and places the other Card on the discard pile.}

  \begin{center}
    \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{\examples/offense_over_wisdom.png}
  \end{center}

  \textit{Bob happens to have an Empowered Ability Token.
    He may either use it, or save the token for later.

>     He decides to use it, so he removes the ``Offense'' Ability Card and take the Empowered ``Offense'' Ability Card instead.}

Reviewer 2: Removing is different from discarding, it is correct here.

      \draw (2, 0) node {\includegraphics[width=0.3\linewidth]{\cards/ability-offense-empowered.png}};
      \draw (3, 1) node[circular drop shadow={shadow scale=0.8, shadow xshift=0.3ex, shadow yshift=-0.3ex, opacity=0.5,
        fill=black, path fading={circle with fuzzy edge 15 percent},
        every shadow}] {\svg[25]{green_tick}};
    \end{tikzpicture}
  \end{center}
  \vspace*{\fill}
  \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\art/magma_elemental.jpg}
\end{multicols*}
\end{expansion}

\pagebreak
\begin{expansion}{battlefield}
  \begin{multicols*}{2}
  \subsection*{\pagetarget{Battlefield Combat}{Battlefield Board in regular\\games}}
  It is recommended to use the Battlefield Combat Board only for \textbf{Player vs.~Player Combats}, even though it is also possible to use it in Neutral Combats.
  Using the Battlefield Board requires using \pagelink{Miniatures}{Miniatures} instead of Unit Cards.

  \medskip
  \subsection*{Battlefield Board in Neutral Combats}
  If you decide to use the Battlefield Board in Combats with Neutral Units, ignore the Round Limit:

>   at the end of each Combat Round you may freely decide to Retreat or to gain an additional Combat Round with no need to spend a MP \svg{movement}.

Reviewer: Capitalize the `At the....`

  Effect, Obstacle and Wall/Gate.
  Unless otherwise stated these Tokens count and work as \pagelink{Combatterminology}{Combat Obstacles}.
  To place Effect Obstacles on the Battlefield Board you'll need the Card which creates the effect, such as the Fire Wall Spell: use the Tokens and put the Card beside the Battlefield as a reminder.
  Effect Obstacles may be entered by Units, if the Card text allows it.
  \vspace*{1em}
  \begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.7\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-1.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Effect}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-2.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Obstacle}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-3.png}
      \caption{\textbf{\textit{\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Wall/Gate}}}}
    \end{subfigure}
  \end{figure}
  \vspace*{1em}
  \note{3}{

>     All Unit Miniatures also count as Obstacles.

Reviewer: `All Unit Miniatures block like Combat Obstacles`

I assume they aren't actually able to be removed with "Remove Obstacle" spells or similar.

Author: We should keep the current wording in this case, cause it's an official rule that they count as obstacles. Regarding remove Obstacle that spell explicitly forbid removing units.

\newpage
\begin{multicols}{2}

\subsection*{Stretch Goal Content}

Four boxes of stretchgoal content have been released for the boardgame; they are shown at the bottom of this page.\par
These expansions primarily contain aesthetic components (like Miniatures of Neutral Units or Map Locations), but they also extend the variety of existing components (like additional Artifact or Spell Cards or new Hero Cards for all Factions).\par
\smallskip

The only new gameplay element from a Stretchgoal box is explained below:\par
\vspace*{1em}
 \begin{expansion}{stretchgoals2}
   \subsection*{\pagetarget{Pandora Card}{Pandora's Box Cards}}
   During setup, shuffle the Pandora's Box Cards.
   When you Visit a \pagelink{Pandora Box}{Pandora's Box}, you may optionally draw a Pandora's Box Card and resolve it instead of the location's regular effect.
   You still have to mark the Field with a Black Cube.

   \medskip
   \begin{center}
     \includegraphics[width=0.6\linewidth]{\cards/pandora.png}
   \end{center}
 \end{expansion}
 \vspace*{\fill}
 \columnbreak
\subsection*{Haven't had enough yet?}
Take a look at the \textbf{fan-made expansions and content} from the \textbf{HoMM3 BG Community}.

> They are still works in progress.

Reviewer: Many are play-ready, and many more are a work in progress.

        {\footnotesize \href{https://zedero.github.io/homm3boardgame/}{zedero.github.io/homm3boardgame}}
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2cm}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/map-editor.png}
            \scriptsize \phantom{Link to the \textbf{App}}
        \end{center}
    \end{minipage}\par
    \smallskip
    \begin{minipage}{5cm}
    \item Generate your own custom Heroes and their unique Specialties with the \textbf{Hero Creator} and let these Heroes write history:
      \mbox{\footnotesize \href{https://k-adam.github.io/Homm3_hero_creator}{k-adam.github.io/Homm3\textunderscore{}hero\textunderscore{}creator}}
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2cm}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/hero-creator.png}
            \scriptsize \phantom{Link to the \textbf{App}}
        \end{center}
    \end{minipage}\par
  \end{itemize}
\end{multicols}
\begin{multicols}{4}
    \begin{center}
        \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stretchgoals-factionunits.png}\newline

>         \footnotesize Core game's Faction Miniatures\par

Reviewer: Might as well capitalize `Game's` like the other words here.

        \columnbreak
        \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stretchgoals-neutral.png}\newline

>         \footnotesize \nth{1} Campaign's Miniatures\par

Reviewer: `Campaign's Miniatures` -> `Campaign Miniatures`

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

        \columnbreak
        \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stretchgoals-chest.png}\newline
        \footnotesize \nth{2} Campaign's gameplay components\par
        \columnbreak
        \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{\boxcovers/stretchgoals-crystal.png}\newline

>         \footnotesize \nth{2} Campaign's Miniatures\par

Reviewer: `Campaign Miniatures`

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

    Print it yourself and learn a new Faction to master.
    \iftoggle{printable}{
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2.5cm}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/factory.png}
    \end{minipage}
    }
  \end{itemize}
  \begin{multicols}{2}
      \includegraphics[width=1.2\linewidth]{\images/mission-book-title.png}
      \includegraphics[width=1.2\linewidth]{\images/factory-book-title.png}
  \end{multicols}
  \begin{itemize}
    \iftoggle{printable}{
    \begin{minipage}{5.5cm}}
    \item Bring your own creative ideas to live by building own Scenarios with the help of the \href{https://zedero.github.io/homm3boardgame/}{Scenario Map Editor}.
    \iftoggle{printable}{
    \end{minipage}
    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2.5cm}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/map-editor.png}
    \end{minipage}
    \begin{minipage}{5.5cm}
    }
    \item Generate own custom Heroes and their unique Specialty with the  \href{https://k-adam.github.io/Homm3_hero_creator/}{Hero Creator} and let these Heroes write history.
    \iftoggle{printable}{

>     \end{minipage}

Reviewer 3: you can't interleave different kind of blocks: if should be fully within minipage, or vice versa

    \hfill
    \begin{minipage}{2.5cm}
        \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\qr/hero-creator.png}
    \end{minipage}

>     }

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    }{}
```

Between the second {} is what happens when the toggle is false (non-printable)

Author: Oh thx for clarifying! Then I now have an idea how to make it, that it works.
